Ray Crane (group leader) →  rtcrane@g.clemson.edu
Noah Rigsby → nrigsby@g.clemson.edu
Jonathan Corder → jcorder@g.clemson.edu

PROJECT PROPOSAL: Cyber-hostilities in the COVID-19 Era

1. Topic: 	
Cyber-hostilities are not unique to the climate produced by COVID-19, nor the climate that already existed pre-COVID-19. 
Rather, these hostilities have been exacerbated and have produced a tangible, cyber threat that needs to be understood before any form of preventative measure 
might be developed and put in place. The one platform on which these hostilities are most visible is Twitter; this visibility can be examined by utilizing Twitter’s 
API to automatically aggregate tweets following particular hashtags.(Ferrara, Vidgen et al.) Twitter’s API combined with machine learning algorithms can be used to 
better understand how events, social interactions, and social influence can shift mindsets and produce hateful messages in the wake of large scale events such as 
COVID. With several data sets, some contrived by us and some by others, we plan to show not only how to recognize hate speech but potentially how to stop its 
propagation by not only common users of the platform but also botnets.(Banda, Juan M., et al.)

2. Milestones:
	a.) Collect a Twitter Dataset using Twitter’s API and datasets collected from other published works. This may have to be done over several weeks as more tweets come out.
	b.) Analyze & filter data collected from Twitter’s API to be usable with our machine learning algorithms
	c.) Produce Statistics such as “How many retweets”, “how many original tweets”, etc. This is where we use frequency analysis in order to determine statistical data.
	d.) Contextual analysis of Tweets(I.e., automatic detection of hostilities) and reassessed by the team for accuracy along with the automation process. 
	e.) Conclude a Defense on our findings, how well we were able to find hate speech and what we see as a reasonable solution

3. Timeline:
	
	Sept.  18th - Twitter Dataset collected(Potentially an ongoing process)
	Sept.  25th - Twitter Dataset statistics collected
	Oct.   12th - Analysis of Statistics completed
	Oct.   19th - Report on Statistics completed
	Nov.   2nd - First part of Contextual Analyzation complete
	Nov.     9th - Second part of Contextual Analyzation complete
             Nov.   16th - Summarization of Contextual Analysis complete
             Nov.   23rd - Report on Contextual Analysis
             Nov.   30th - Conclusory Report, Remarks on Automatic Detection
	

4. Citation:
Banda, Juan M., et al. “A Large-Scale COVID-19 Twitter Chatter Dataset for Open Scientific Research - an International Collaboration.” Zenodo, 21 June 2020, 				
zenodo.org/record/3902855. 

Davis N., Pipikaite A. “What COVID-19 Teaches Us about Cybersecurity – and How to Prepare for the Inevitable Global Cyberattack.” World Economic Forum, 				
www.weforum.org/agenda/2020/06/covid-19-pandemic-teaches-us-about
-cybersecurity-cyberattack-cyber-pandemic-risk-virus/

Ferrara, Emilio. “#COVID-19 ON TWITTER: BOTS, CONSPIRACIES, AND SOCIAL MEDIA 
ACTIVISM.” Arxiv.org, 2020, arxiv.org/vc/arxiv/papers/2004/2004.09531v1.pdf. 

Mačák K., Rodenhäuser T.,  Gisel L. “Cyber Attacks against Hospitals and the COVID-19 	
Pandemic: How Strong Are International Law Protections?” Humanitarian Law & Policy 
Blog, 16 Apr. 2020, blogs.icrc.org/law-and-policy/2020/04/02/cyber-attacks-hospitals-covid-19/.

Vidgen, B, et al. “Detecting East Asian Prejudice on Social Media.” Arxiv.org, 2020,	
arxiv.org/pdf/2005.03909.pdf.
